--9999 IN 1--

Ah, the 90's... Techno music, arcades, personal computers... and TONS of cheap chinese LCD games.
Remember that LCD game that was in each single bazar? The one that had MANY copies of Tetris? Well, 9999 in 1 is a replica of that machine but in your Spectrum!

8 different games packed into a single 48k program emulating the look and feel of these LCD machines, pure 90's retro fun!


The games:

-Tetris
	Play the 80's classic like we did in the 90's, in a LCD screen!
-Arkanoid
	Nothing more pleasant than destroying brick walls with your square ball.
	Get ready to guide Vass to the glory.
-Racing
	Seems like a crazy driver is on the road going in the wrong direction...
	Wait, is not only one but all of them! Avoid crashing your car against other drivers!
-Snake
	The game that made Nokia to sell millions of mobile phones.
	Thousands of 90's kids can't be wrong, so prepare your fingers to play this classic!
-Destroyer
	It's raining bricks, aleluya!
	Avoid these bricks to get to the ground with your four-cube futuristic ship.
-GhostBusters
	There's something strange in your neighborhood... who you gonna call?
	Not the ghostbusters, they're retired!
	Take their place in this haunting game and catch as many ghosts as you can.
-Constructor
	Just another brick in the wall... and it's gone!
	Avoid the bricks to get to the ground creating full lines.
-Match-3
	Match 3, three times the speed of sound... Or a little puzzle game where you must match
	three figures before they reach the bottom of the screen, you decide...


The controls:

The game is controlled using O/P/Q/A/SPC and H

-In the game selector

	O/P change the selected game, Q/A change the selected level, SPC starts the game.

-In all the games

	H will exit any game that you are playing.

-In Tetris

	O/P will move the falling piece left and right
	SPC will rotate the falling piece
	A will speed up the falling speed
	
	Objective: Create rows of bricks without reaching the top side of the screen.

-In Arkanoid

	O/P will move Vass left and right
	SPC will fire your ball and speed up it
	
	Objective: Destroy bricks without letting your ball reach the bottom side of the screen.

-In Racing

	O/P will move your car left and right
	Q will accelerate
	
	Objective: Avoid the computer cars

-In Snake

	O/P/Q/A will control your snake's direction
	
	Objective: Feed your snake with the food that will spawn randomly in the screen.

-In Destroyer

	O/P will move your ship left and right
	SPC will fire a brick
	
	Objective: Destroy as many bricks as you can without letting them reach the bottom side of the screen.

-In GhostBusters

	O/P/Q/A/SPC represent a position in the screen (left, right, top, bottom, center)
	
	Objective: Catch the ghosts as they appear before they can attack you.

-In Constructor

	O/P will move your ship left and right
	SPC will fire a brick
	
	Objective: Create complete rows of bricks to remove them without letting them reach the bottom side of the screen.

-In Match-3

	O/P will change the selected piece.
	Q/A will change the figure of the selected piece.
	SPC will make the falling pieces go fast.

	Objective: Match the three figures before the falling ones reach the line.


This game is made for fun, hope you enjoy it!
El Dr. Gusman.

